OKTA-571051 Add new SAML customer config doc examples (#4049)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app/main/saml2/submit.md

* **Is SAML support available in the SP for all tenants by default or is it available only for specific SKUs?**: If you select **Certain SKUs**, provide details on which products provide SAML support.

> * **To configure SAML, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?**: If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. See [SAML configuration steps example](/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/#saml-configuration-steps-example) for configuration steps when the customer requires the support team to configure SAML. See [SAML admin configuration steps example](/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/#saml-admin-configuration-steps-example) for configuration steps when the customer configures SAML for themselves. We recommend that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the setup time for your customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **To configure SAML, can your customers do it by themselves from your app's UI, or do they need to contact your support team?**: If a customer needs support to configure your app integration, you need to include support contact information in your configuration guide. See [SAML configuration steps example](/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/#saml-configuration-steps-example) for configuration steps when the customer requires the support team to configure SAML. See [SAML admin configuration steps example](/docs/guides/submit-app-prereq/main/#saml-admin-configuration-steps-example) for configuration steps when the customer configures SAML for themselves. Okta recommends that you build a UI that enables self-service configuration to reduce the setup time for your customers.
```
